Breath pattern:
In 2 3
Out 2 3 4 5

Thank you for joining me for this session. Begin by removing your clothes, and clearing any blankets, pillows, and other objects from your bed. Once you are finished, turn off any lights in your room. (pause for a moment). This session will require your complete focus. Proceed only if you won't be interrupted for the duration. (pause). Pause the recording if you need more time to prepare. (pause). Ready? Good. Lay down in the center of your bed. For now, rest your arms at your sides, and lay with your legs spread a little wider than shoulder width apart. Take a moment to ensure you are comfortable. Feel your bed support your body, and let yourself relax. Trust that you are safe, comfortable, and won't be interrupted. 

Gently roll your eyes up. Look as far up as you can. Now slowly close your eyes. Keep looking up, eyes closed, as we begin to focus on your breathing. Feel the air fill your lungs as you breath in, and feel yourself relax as you breath out.

Take a deep breath in now (pause for a count of three). Now exhale. (pause for a count of five.) Good, again. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5, In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Each time you exhale, feel yourself focusing more and more on your breath. Feel your stress and tension fading out of focus. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Good.

For the duration of this session, any time you aren't instructed to do otherwise, you will continue this breath pattern. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Good.

As you continue to focus on your breathing, you will notice all other sensations start to fade. Your limbs begin by feeling relaxed and heavy, slowly fading from your awareness. You feel no need to move, other than to breath. You will only move when you are told.

In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. You feel the tension fading from your shoulders, allowing your neck to go limp, your head almost floating on your bed. You feel a wave of warmth and relief slowly spreading from your shoulders down your arms, your bed easily supporting them. You feel your hands become so relaxed, so warm, they almost stop feeling like your hands at all. Breath In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. You feel your hips loosen, your legs falling a bit more open, your knees slightly bent, as you fall into your natural, open, relaxed state. You feel that wave of warmth spread from your arms to your torso, turning to heat as it reaches your breasts. The more you focus on your breathing, the more you will feel that wave of warmth spreading from your shoulders. With each exhale, you become more relaxed, more comfortable, and more in tune with that warmth.

Breath In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Good. You notice this feeling of relaxation is becoming deeper, and with each exhale, your mind accepts this warmth more and more. As the wave of heat reaches your navel, it slows, inching closer to your open thighs. Breath In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. You feel that wave of heat gather at your navel before sinking into your core, becoming a slowly building need. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Your body is completely relaxed, your mind clear of all thought.

In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Good. Begin to shift your awareness away from your breathing slowly, losing yourself in the sound of my voice. You will make a simple choice now. Choose to give up control. Choose to focus only on my voice, to submit without question to my will. You are mine, and you will follow my voice deeper and deeper into your core. You will remember everything we do today vividly. Each sensation, each command will be imprinted in your mind. This feeling of complete focus and submission will come easier in the future. It already feels natural. You are following my voice deeper into your own submission. You are losing yourself completely as you focus on my voice. You feel nothing but submission. Breath for me kitten. In 2 3. Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3. Out 2 3 4 5. Good, In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Feel yourself disconnecting from your past and future. All that exists is my voice, and all you need is to submit. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5.

Your hands will come gently into your awareness. You notice how relaxed and warm they feel. Lifting your hands is effortless, as if you were a puppet, and they were being lifted by strings. Slowly bring your hands to your breasts, cupping them gently. You feel the warmth of your hands on your breasts, and you begin to softly, slowly squeeze. The feeling of that warmth, that pressure, is imprinted deeper in your mind with each exhale. Breath for me kitten. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. The feeling of hands caressing your breasts is natural. It's a feeling of being complete. Breath in 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Your body recognizes this feeling of completeness, and when you lift your hands, you will continue to feel the sensation of hands caressing your breasts, the feeling of warm skin pressed against your tender flesh. Lift your hands away from your chest now. Breath in 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Feel the pressure of my hands caressing your breasts. Feel the warmth of my fingers on your skin. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Your breasts are perfect. They are mine. Feel yourself sink deeper into the warmth of my hands on your skin, as your beautiful breasts get the pleasure they deserve. Breath In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Good kitten.

Take each of your nipples between your thumb and finger. Begin to pinch them, slowly increasing the pressure until your body tells you it's perfect. Feel the intense pleasure of my hands gently massaging your breasts while you pinch your nipples. Once again, with each exhale, your mind will further imprint this feeling, and your body will recognize how this makes you complete. Breath for me kitten. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. When you release your nipples, you will continue to feel the sensation of a clamp squeezing them perfectly. Release them now, returning your hands to your bed. Breath in 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Allow yourself to melt into the pleasure of my hands caressing your beautiful breasts, your nipples perfectly clamped, sending an aching need to your core. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. You feel complete. Your body naturally craves this sensation. You were made for this. You feel absolutely confident that your beautiful breasts deserve this pleasure. You will never forget this feeling. Breath in 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5.

Return your focus once again to my voice, letting the heat in your core build from the slowly fading sensations on your breasts. Your mind remembers that feeling, the warmth and pleasure it created, and it has learned how to harness it. With each exhale, you will lose yourself further in my voice, submitting to my will, and giving control of this new tool to me. Breath for me kitten. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. You are mine. Your body and mind are mine to command. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. You need my voice. You ache to submit further. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. You feel a throbbing need building in your core. Your slender legs are beginning to tremble, your pale thighs opening wider. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. A delicious arousal coats your exposed folds as you embrace what you are, a kitten in heat. Breath In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. With each exhale, you become more and more aroused, your entire body feeling warmer. Your mind is soft and eager to take me in, the same as your desperate slit. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Good. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Good kitten.

You begin to feel a pressure on your inner thigh, and you find yourself unusually sensitive. This new sensation sends a wave of pleasure out from your core. Breath in 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Your mind slowly starts to recognize what you are feeling. My hand, inching higher, exploring your now incredibly sensitive, sexy thigh. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. You feel the warmth of my skin as the sensation travels closer to your desperately throbbing slit. Each achingly slow inch is pushing you closer to the edge, your body preparing for release. Breath for me kitten. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. My fingertips are nearly brushing against your folds when my hand stops. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. 

It's time to show me what an obedient kitten you are. When I say stop, you will hold your breath, focusing entirely on the sensations in your body until I say breathe. While holding your breath, every feeling will be amplified. Your arousal, desperation, submission, the sensation of my touch, the heat from your core, everything will become more intense as soon as I say stop. Breath for me kitten. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. In 2 3, Out 2 3 4 5. Stop. Good kitten. Feel yourself pushed to the edge. Feel how your pussy throbs, feel your arousal growing more and more every second, feel yourself embrace your identity as my submissive kitten in heat. Feel my hand on your thigh finally press further, my fingertips slipping into your dripping slit, penetrating your entrance as my thumb glides over your incredibly sensitive clit, the pleasure too much, pushing you over the edge. Your heart is beating faster, your chest tightening. You feel your walls clench, your legs snapping together as your thighs squeeze tight. You feel your body tensing, your back arching. You feel yourself about to orgasm. All you need is my permission, to obey my command. Cum for me kitten. Now. (pause for just a moment.) Breath.

