Hey, I just realized something. This is not the time to talk about it, but I don't want to forget, so I'll ask you about it now and hopefully we can talk about it later.

I love helping you, and supporting you and pushing you to grow and change and be better. I'm good at it and I spend a lot of time doing it, or researching things to help me do it. I have helped you achieve so many life changes, and I hope to help you achieve many more. 

But there's a problem. I'm only good at helping others, not myself. And I desperately need help. I'm wasting away. I do almost nothing to better myself or improve my future. I have no income, no savings. My physical and mental health is garbage, my diet is trash, I don't exercise, my sleep schedule is non existent, even my hygiene is suffering. I don't brush my teeth very often, or shower daily. I don't wear clean clothes, or sleep on clean sheets. I don't clean the apartment. I don't even game as much as I want. Most days, all I do is eat, sleep, and watch YouTube or anime. If I do game, it's usually an idle or mobile game that I don't have to pay attention to. I sit in my depression and pretend this is all I want out of life. The only thing stopping me from being even worse than the old you is that I'm lucky enough to have you and tad, and I don't smoke or drink too much.

I push you hard, often not really giving you a choice. I also encourage and motivate you. I keep trying different options with you until something sticks. I praise you when you succeed, and comfort you when you fail. I give you so much support and love and time, it makes it way easier for you to keep trying. In the early days I was practically a taskmaster sometimes, nagging you constantly about all the ways you could be happier and healthier, because that's what you needed then. 

That's what I need now. I need a taskmaster, I need someone who believes in my potential and won't allow me to squander it any longer. Someone who won't let me watch YouTube or anime until I've taken care of myself and done something with my day. Someone who will push me to be active every day, to eat healthy, who will remind me to brush my teeth every morning and every night, who will motivate me to clean myself and my home daily. Someone who will challenge me to read, do puzzles, learn guitar, make music, learn a new language, brush up on math, actually make games, and code. all those things and more that I love but ignore because depression makes me feel like watching content is all I want. And someone who will eventually, once I'm ready, help me get back into the world and stop being a shut in. 

I'm not happy. I've learned a pretty terrible way of coping with my anxiety and depression. It worked, but it has huge drawbacks. I have almost completely numbed myself to the sadness, the insecurity, the suffocating self hatred, the pain and the loathing and all the feelings that come with depression and anxiety. I rarely even panic anymore. But just because I don't feel those things, doesn't mean they aren't there, chipping away at my soul. Those thoughts are still there, I just drown them out with videos. It's why I need something playing almost all the time, why I get overwhelmed if I don't have alone time to mindlessly consume content, why I usually can't fall asleep without YouTube. It's even a big part of why sex is so difficult, since without a video to block them out, those thoughts consume me.

I'm not okay. I may not be sad, or look depressed, or seem anxious, but my "method" of dealing with depression and anxiety doesn't deal with them at all. If anything, it enables me to avoid dealing with them, since on the outside I look fine. Hell most of the time I can convince myself I'm fine, since when I'm consuming content I can escape. And when I'm hanging out with you or tad, or focused enough on a game, I'm also distracted from those thoughts, though it's less effective after a while. But even though I seem fine, I'm not. My "life" is barely existent. This can only be called living in a loose sense, and only because I spend time with you two. However, I can't keep leaning on tad and you to support me. I desperately want to pay you two back, not just financially, but in every way. 

I can't keep throwing my life and my health away. I may not want a traditional life where I trade away my time and energy for a "career" I'm supposed to be proud of, just to buy a house and car I can't afford and raise kids that will suffer just as much if not more than I did, but I want a life. I want to accomplish things I can be proud of, to BE someone I can be proud of. I want to enjoy living. 

I need help to get there. I know it's a lot to ask of someone, but can you do for me what I've done for you? Can you help me the way I've helped you? I'm not saying I deserve it just because I did it for you, and I know how much I'm asking of you. But just like I wasn't perfect helping you, I don't expect or need you to be perfect helping me. I just need help. 

It'll be a long process, and it won't be easy. I'm going to struggle a ton. I'm going to fail. I'll probably frustrate you, or disappoint you. But I trust you to love me anyway, and I hope you believe in me. 

So, if you can see my potential, and you want to help me achieve it, if you can see past my flaws and failures, will you please help me?

It's okay if you say no, whether you feel like you can't or just don't want to. I'm grateful for you either way. 