Hey Kitten,

Ever since I met you, just a bit over two months ago (It feels like I've known you forever!), my days have been so much brighter. The highs are so incredible, and the lows feel more manageable, knowing I've got you in my corner. Every time I wake up, it's to a world with you in it, and that makes every day special. Every night I go to sleep feeling the warmth of your love as I drift off.

I know everyone says this when they're in love, but you truly are the sweetest, most loving, beautiful, and fun girlfriend that anyone could ask for. You make me want to be the best version of myself, because you deserve nothing less. You truly inspire me, whether it's to eat healthier, exercise more, finally go outside, or just play more games. I feel so alive, so excited to spend my life with you.

I can't put into words how attracted I am to you. Pick any feature, I adore it. Your eyes are so bright and clear and genuine, I can't help but stare into them. Your smile is so sweet, with those tender lips I ache to kiss. Your hair is long and lustrous, your skin is oh so tempting, your figure is the best parts of both fit and curvy. Your voice makes me feel at home, your laugh never ceases to make me smile. Every inch of you is everything I've ever wanted.

You are so much fun to spend time with. I've never experienced being best friends with my girlfriend before, and now that I have, I feel so grateful. Being able to game with you is a lifelong dream come true. I can't wait to go on adventures with you, be they in fantastical video game worlds, or amphitheaters. I'm so excited to cook for you, to watch romcoms with you, to go on drives or sit and read. Just living life with you by my side will be the greatest adventure anyone could have the good fortune to experience.

I love our chemistry, our fluid dynamic. How you can get me shy and flustered and aching for you, or I can make you melt into a needy mess. It all feels so natural, like being intimate with you is something I've been preparing for all my life. I'm so excited to explore and play with you kitten, to find all the ways I can make you feel good. You excite me in ways no one has, and you are easily the sexiest woman I've ever known. The attraction I feel towards you is so often overwhelming, it's almost a burning need, a raging passion.

I am so grateful for you kitten. For your love, your support, for how much and how often you compliment me. You've given me so much confidence and shown me so many reasons to love myself. You've inspired me. Taken care of me. You enjoy listening to me talk about the things I care about, and you love watching me show you the things I love. I can never fully express how much it all means to me, or how thankful I am for everything you've done for me.

I often fantasize about our lives together, the experiences we'll have, the memories we'll create, the bond we'll build, as we grow old side by side. I've never done that before, with anyone. I've never cared for the future, but it's different now. I can't wait to spend the rest of my life loving you. I'll never stop trying, I'll never stop watching as you leave. I will never stop losing my breath every time I see you looking back at me. I will never stop holding your hand, I will never stop opening your door. I will never stop choosing you babe. I will never get used to you.

Yes, I ripped off song lyrics for my love letter. Bite me XD. I will never stop loving you Kristen. I will never stop adoring you, calling you my kitten, and treasuring every moment I get to spend knowing you. I promise. That's what the bracelet is for. I couldn't get you a promise ring, because rings should be given in person, and I don't know your size. So I got you a promise bracelet. It's got a kitten with a heart, to symbolize that you will always be my kitten, and you will always have my heart. I'm yours <3

